Hi Matt

Spelling mistakes and typos are highlighted in red.

Home screen
We remain clean and organised throughout. Thorough ceaning will be carried out on completion. Should be 'cleaning'

Your home will be treated with the upmost respect- should be 'utmost'.

Before work commences any specific guidelines or requests made by our clients
will be adhered to as closely as possible from start to finish. - Suggest - " Any specific guidelines or requests made by our clients
will be adhered to as closely as possible from start to finish."

If you live in a surrounding area, please give us a call and we may still be able to help. Change to 'as'.

Interior screen

We cover all aspects of interior decorating from single rooms, flats, houses, and mansions. Whether it be living areas, kitchens, bedrooms, bathrooms, communal areas and garages. This also includes restorations on woodwork, wooden windows, and any re-siliconing that is required around your property. Proudly bringing the perfect finish to your dream home or project.
Change to:
We cover all aspects of interior decorating from single rooms to mansions.  This includes restoration of woodwork, wooden windows and any re-siliconing that is required around your property. Whether it be living areas, kitchens, bedrooms, bathrooms, communal areas or garages we will provide the perfect finish to your dream home or project.

Exterior screen
We offer quality exterior decorating from painting brickwork, doors, gates, fences and decking, garden furniture, sheds, and outbuildings to balconies, walls boundaries and swimming pools. We Cover all aspects of exterior finishing whether it be restoration and treatment to windows or other woodwork.
Change to:
We offer quality exterior decorating from painting brickwork, doors, gates, fences, decking, garden furniture, sheds, and outbuildings to balconies, wall boundaries and swimming pools. We cover all aspects of exterior finishing including restoration and treatment of windows and other woodwork.

River access screen
We have access to hard-to-reach areas like river properties including islands via boat.
Suggest:
We can access hard-to-reach areas like riverside properties and islands via a boat.
Painting and decorating screen
Painting Decoaration - Should be "Decoration"
We provide high quality services for domestic and commercial clients from the smallest rooms to the largest houses and properties. With painting and Decorating being one of our main services, our skills and quality are second to none. Providing a flawless finish every time no matter how large or small the job. We can assist with choosing the right colours and shades to create your perfect room. When this has been decided we can also give advice on choosing the right paints. Paint comes in a variety of finishes and choosing this can be confusing and tricky, but we will be on hand to help with your needs.
Suggested:
We provide high quality services for domestic and commercial clients from the smallest rooms to the largest houses and properties. Our skills and quality are second to none providing a flawless finish every time no matter how large or small the job. Paint comes in a variety of makes,colours and finishes and choosing the right one for you can prove tricky but we will be on hand to assist you to create your perfect room.

Commercial screen
We will provide full support for new businesses starting up or any restoration project ranging from gyms, hair salons, restaurants and offices. We offer out of hours working with flexible evening and weekend hours to work around your business needs keeping any disruption to minimum. Whether this been internal or external work. We provide high quality services for domestic and commercial clients from the smallest rooms to the largest houses and properties.
Suggest:
We provide high quality services for commercial clients from the smallest rooms to the largest of properties. We offer full support for new businesses starting up or any restoration project ranging from gyms, hair salons and restaurants to offices. We offer out of hours services with flexible evening and weekend hours to work around your business needs and keep any disruption to a minimum.
Contact screen
The easiest way to contact us is by giving us a call.
We will have a discussion with you and arrange to come and view the work required then provide you with a free, no-obligation quote.
Alternatively, you can email us on info@elmbridgepainting.com All emails are monitored throughout the day, and someone will be in touch as soon as possible.
Please provide your name and telephone contact details in the email in case we need to discuss the job in more detail with you.
Also find us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter
Suggest:
The easiest way to contact us is by giving us a call to arrange a viewing of the work and a no-obligation quote.

Alternatively, you can email us. All emails are monitored throughout the day, and someone will be in touch as soon as possible.
Please provide your name and telephone contact details in the email so we can get back to you at the very earliest opportunity.
We are also on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
Mike Tween

07958 389152	maybo - positive and safer outcomes
Call me Email Website Visit us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
